e
e e
well good morning folks if you could
give me a audio check on Twitter for
those that are following me if you guys
can hear
me for
had to take a walk to grab my phone to
see if you guys could reply to me on
Twitter but I see you all can hear me
fine thank you so much for that by the
way hope you had a good weekend good
morning I actually had eight hours of
sleep last night it's that's not a uh
normal thing for ICT I usually do uh
about 4 4 hours or
so in two sessions uh per day and some
naps
but I have some things uh to take care
of today that prevent me from streaming
during the normal opening bell till
10:30 11 o' or or so so I'll be doing a
pre-market tape reading session with you
I'll teach you a couple
things just want to get the
uh most recent View here since 8:30 has
now
transpired if you look on the right hand
side the white background
chart or it should be white background
the uh the left hand side's a five
minute chart over here and this is a 30
second
chart so some of you may not have the
ability to look at a 30- second chart
some of you may not have an interest in
looking at a 30 second chart at all but
for those that are trying to learn how
to read price and get familiar with
the price delivery Continuum that is
afforded to us as a technical Trader
viewing price with the expectation that
it's going to continuously deliver from
one PD to the next from one time frame
to the next not necessarily a top down
in and itself it's not just a generic
term for top down it's very specific
things that we're looking for that would
constitute a setup that would yield the
probabilities of moving from a discount
to a premium array or a premium array to
a discount array in other words
something that gets short on and then an
obvious level to take profits lower or
an obvious level to get long on to an
obvious level to take profit and
sell so I have stripped this thing down
here
to opening range
gaps
and Asian session liquidity pools now
right way you should already notice
that Friday settlement price is up
here okay so that's going to
be higher than where we are at market
price if you notice in the lower right
hand corner it's eth as electronic
trading hours you can see that by
toggling
here so over here is electronic trading
hours and here as well electronic
trading
hours because we have settled here and
I'll go into regular trading hours and
I'll explain why I have the chart and
like
that here's the settlement
price here at uh 414 now I'm looking at
it on the perspective of 5 minute chart
so it's going to look a little wonky
because I'm showing you 410 candle 410
is not the settlement time but it would
be on a f minute chart so to eliminate
all the confusion that's why I tell you
to drop down to a one minute chart and
get the opening price and the and the
closing price when you're doing your
gaps whether it be new week opening Gap
or New Day opening
Gap so because it's Friday's settlement
price on regular trading
hours and since I can do this here I'll
just show it to you in a one minute
chart that way you guys can see it this
is how you pick your opening range Gap
previous day settlement you go to rec
trading hours one minute chart last
Candlestick here here is at 4:14 because
there is no trading at
415 it settles at 4:14 so there's no
data for 415 because the Market's
closed for regular trading hours but it
trades until 5 o' then has the 1 hour uh
break if it's another trading day but on
Friday it's the settlement and then
there's uh electronic trading hours
that'll continue until 500 p.m eastern
time New York local time then it stops
for the weekend well we're annotating
that here
on Fridays 4:14 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time that is our previous settlement in
this case it's previous week settlement
price on regular trading hours but
because I already see that we're
such a discount relative to that and
I'll scrub down until you see it up here
see there's Monday's opening range Gap
High the reason why I'm annotating that
is the
likelihood is that we're probably not
going to trade all the way back up there
by 9:30 now can it happen absolutely it
can but for the sake of annotation and
getting a feel for before I started the
live stream this morning I wanted to
determine where we would be for a gap
closure so naturally anything opening
lower than this price here on the right
on the left hand side which is regular
trading hour settlement price at 4:14
p.m. Eastern Standard Time It's a
mouthful I know but it's just simply
regular trading hours close on Friday
okay so we have not yet seen any regular
trading hour
trading for the new week yet it's all
electronic trading so when it started
trading at 6
o'clock yesterday evening
here's
[Music]
Fridays settlement price on electronic
trading hours here so you would annotate
[Music]
that let's go
okay new opening Gap low why do I know
that's the low it's because we settled
here and we started trading here on
Sunday at 600 p.m. eastern time so you
just take this once it highlights hold
down control drag it away you can copy
that and then simply drag it there put
it right on the opening
price and then change the high I'm sorry
change the low to high
there
and it's rather small because it's 484
and a quar to 496 and a quarter so it's
really really small you can you can put
the consequent encroachment on that
generally I just eyeball it but for the
sake of just showing you how to do it
again as a recap there is an absence of
any significant price
data coming out at
uh 8:30 and on today and or Tuesday it's
nothing really terribly
exciting and then what I do is I just
take
a a line segment and drop it
on and then make sure it says 490 and a
quarter which it does and then I change
it the line color
to so it's contrasting
[Music]
we go in gap consequent
encouragement everything being equal and
there all right and now you can go back
into looking at where we are in
relationship to all those things you can
see the new week opening Gap is up here
it's also encapsulating
the Frid a regular trading hour
settlement
price which would be the Monday Gap
reference points so it's always previous
days settlement at regular trading hours
but you don't call it or label it as
yesterday's or last Friday's date you're
using this data for today's trading
which is Monday so it's going to be
Monday's opening range Gap High because
we're sitting here right now now in the
rare event that it trades all all the
way back up to here and traverses over
100 handles before reaching 930 opening
bell then you would just simply have to
change the the the label to whatever it
would require if it went back up to it
and higher then this would become the
opening range Gap low and then whatever
that 9:30 first print would be that
would be the opening range Gap
[Music]
high right so let's go back into a five
minute chart on that one and leave
everything as it is
widen them up a little
bit okay and over here 30 second
chart you can already see there's a lot
of
liquidity sitting under this
block of price action it's just a little
just looks kind of
wonky I like the idea of coming back
down to Thursday's opening range Gap
low and if it was to do that excuse me
if it were to do that and trade down
below it uh we have Thursday's Asian
session sell side liquidity now I'm
going
to magnify this chart here and kind of
show you what that reference
is we have some minor cell side which
you've already attacked that the bodies
have stayed above that we Wick down
through it so it's allowed to do the
damage
there we have this level here I'm
watching without having having an
annotation should we start to slide
again Lower um that consequent
encroachment and then we have the Asian
session low you can see that 8:30 p.m.
it's New York local time always on
October 17th last Thursday so the
liquidity was St below that time of day
okay which is a session high or session
low in this
case when you don't have any data okay
nothing coming out at 8:30 and the day
is pretty much
um void of any kind of volatility
injections no real impact drivers by
medium impact or high impact from the
economic calendar uh you want to aim for
session highs and session lows that
means what was the high and the low of
London what was the high and low of Asia
what was the PM session high and low of
the previous trading session or trading
day rather and then what was the am
session high and low of that previous
day's trading all of those are relative
to where you're at on the market
pre-market like right now we're Trading
electronic trading hours we're trading
at 20,39
even by going into your chart and
annotating where the highs and lows are
respectively in other words what was
London's high and low or the overnight
dealing range I taught you that last
week and if we're in a market
protraction where it's just really
running in One Direction you don't grade
that but if there is a consolidation if
you grade it you can anticipate exactly
where throughout the morning session
during
pre-market where the next subsequent
premium or discount array will form and
you can trade the pre-market session
without even having to be there for the
opening bell or do anything rest of the
day but when we have no data when econom
calendar is anemic it's just simply void
of anything that would constitute an
injection of volatility by a medium
impact or a high impact news driver some
kind of news data
then the easiest thing you can do is aim
for you don't need to do it just in
these instances if it becomes something
you like you can simply use previous
session highs and lows that means not
the daily highs and lows that's also
included here but session highs and lows
okay so we strip it down to London
session New York session Am Pm session
in New York then you have Asian session
okay so you have four opportunities per
day to frame a trade setup now I this is
not an invitation for you to go Hog Wild
out there and try to trade every single
one of these sessions but you should if
it allows you by your schedule if your
you if your personal time affords you to
be sit in front of charts and tape read
them it will help you become a better
and well-rounded technical Trader you'll
be able to read price better because you
have a lot more experience doing it so
my go-to protocol is when there's no
data when there's nothing coming out at
8:30 it doesn't mean that the market
just sits still because no data
obviously it's going to move but what
you're going to aim for is session highs
and session lows and as again do not
think that this is the only thing you do
just because there's no data that's
being released at
8:30 it can be utilized in days that
have economic data that has medium
impact or high impact news events around
8:30 or
so but it's my usual reach for okay well
I'm just going to Simply look for the
liquidity
in the previous session so what was a
high and a low in London we're already
annotating the uh the
Thursdays Asian
range low which would be below that
would be cell side and then I have
believe Wednesday as well yeah I have
Wednesday's Asian sessions Southside Li
pool
annotated right here with these relative
equal lows if you look at that low right
there it's 810 and we don't care about
anything over here here because that's
the low during Asia and it's a relative
equal low so if we were to lose ground
this morning into the regular trading
session 9:30 going into
11:00 uh London
close if we were to trade lower than
this low here my focus would be here for
the for the morning session that means
between 9:30 and 11 o'clock or so going
into
noon as it stands right now I want to
kind of show you London's overnight
dealing range so that way you can frame
it and you'll know what to do each
session and you can do this every single
day and you'll never run out of setups
it'll you'll never ever ever ever run
out of setups even on high resistance
liquidity run days these reference
points will be used on low resistance
coding run days they are absolute
bangers for just easy lwh hanging fruit
objectives getting in taking your profit
right there and being content with that
it may continuously run beyond what you
you're aiming for but in the beginning
doesn't that give you a really
good
uh probability of finding consistent
setups that would reward your diligence
about looking for something that repeats
over and over again you should not be
trying to get 100 handles a day in the
beginning as a new Trader that's not
realistic it's not realistic at all but
if you can get five handles a day on S&P
and 10 handles a day on NASDAQ as your
first rung objective and you grow to 15
handles to 20 Handles in the NASDAQ to
10 to 15 Handles in the es once and once
you get it for the day then stop then
tape read the rest of the day because
you're going to be training yourself for
discipline and you're also looking for
that one good setup that you trust based
on the technicals based on your bias
based on everything you have going on
and if you're trying to just press the
button every time you feel an Impulse to
do so you're not really following a
model so the only way you fix that is by
going in and looking for one good setup
that has a plethora of things that
around it support the idea that it's
likely to go there in that direction at
that PD you're trying to trade off of
and being diligent about forming that
responsibility that accountability in
yourself only looking for that one setup
and the way you get there is simply
knowing where are the likely candidates
for the market to draw to now taking buy
side liquidity and sell-side liquidity
out of the equation in terms of just
nearby swing highs and lows and then
framing on which swing highs and Swing
Swing lows which are they well in London
we have to frame obviously the London
time so here is
midnight and we're working again with
the five minute chart so we have
midnight New York local time so that's
true day and then we have
the Kill Zone which is 2: a.m. eastern
standard
time which
ends at 5:00
a.m. Now where's the liquidity in that
time well that's the low of it here so
it can rebook back to that
low but I'm not interested in that I
want to
know what is the I'm going to make these
levels black
okay and I'm make them
bold so this is London
session l in session low bottom
left and we'll make it
16 okay and then you can already see
what's here what is that
smooth
highs see highlight the level you want
to copy hold down control drag it up and
it denies you because you're watching
being done on live
stream it always messes with
trading
view so we have relative equal
highs so this will be London session
high right and you obviously you don't
need to the label it you know what's
above it because you know what's above
highs it's byy side but what you're
doing is you're labeling your chart with
these reference points for the basis of
understanding where certain liquidity
pools will be a factor now obviously it
goes without saying that you know
there's a short- terminal High here so
what will we be resting above that buy
side liquidity but in in reference to
and and in deference to
time what's more what's more salient for
the morning session is it the London
session highs here or this one single
little Candlestick High where there
would be buy side above both this area
here and these but which one's more
likely to be a draw on liquidity why
would the market if it were in fact
manipulated if it was controlled if it
was targeting liquidity if it was doing
those very things and I'm saying that in
tongue and cheek because it obviously is
doing that there's a lot of people in
the world that don't believe
that would would it be simply in
interest only go back up to this High
here and not even disrupt these smooth
highs or would it be yes this would be
one minor objective to reach for but we
would like to see it want to accelerate
through that area to get to this area
here before they could take their stops
out of the marketplace we want to we
want to see the market gravitate back
here aggressively that further is the
likelihood in pre-market because why we
have a
gap now it's it's slowly eroding the the
the size of the Gap that would be if it
was opening down here that would be a
rather large gap but it's narrowing that
Gap now as we get closer and closer
to 9:30 which would be where I'm at here
on the on the five minute chart so we
have time is it likely to draw all the
way up there to 2ou I'm sorry
20494 and a
quarter probabilities are rather small
for it to occur but it can obviously it
can do things like that
so in Pre Market when there's no data I
like to look at where we were for London
so if we were looking at trading in
London these are the reference points
that that session created its
range the highest
high inside of London between 2 o'clock
in the morning here and 5:00 a.m. when
the London session closes or in terms of
the the Kill Zone the time that the
algorithm will be looking for liquidity
looking for PD arrays looking for a
reason to move
all of that is encapsulated inside that
time
now this is the same thing for Forex so
if you're a Forex Trader it's the same
application there's nothing different
here there's absolutely no different
everything I've said so far this morning
is
still relative to Forex it's relative to
bonds it's relative to
um currency Futures not just Forex like
everything is being explained to you on
the basis of time and it's it's
Universal so it goes across all the
asset classes except for crypto I have
not investigated crypto I have students
that swear by I don't have an interest
in ever trading it so that's why I say I
I don't say it there but you're welcome
to investigate that yourself I don't do
it I don't trade the Indian markets I
have no experience with the nifty50 I
don't have any experience with that at
all I don't know if it works at all
there so you for the folks that live in
India that that use that as your your
basis for trading uh it's in your hands
determine whether there's a value in
using these Concepts there I don't have
any experience with it so I get a lot of
questions in the comment section asking
that I I just simply don't have an
answer for you in that regard
so again back to where we're at what is
the usual protocol for a discount gap
opening at 9:30
meaning if we open lower than previous
day settlement what what's what's
previous day on Monday it's last Friday
always so unless Friday was a holiday
and there was no trading we would simply
use previous day or previous week if
it's a Monday so in this case since it's
actually Monday October 2st 24
2024 we refer back to Friday's
electronic I'm sorry Friday's regular
trading hours close or settlement
price hang one second I forgot to put my
phone on do not disturb there's always
some yahoo trying to to talk to anymore
I'm doing
this anyway the
uh so when we have a gap lower at 9:30
relative to the previous day's
settlement price and that being Friday's
settlement price and that's this black
line here okay it's labeled Monday's
opening range Gap High because we're
down here
already so it's not likely that we're
going to come all the way back up here
by 9:30 so I've already annotated my
chart here
technically this should be labeled as
Friday's electronic trading
settlement closing
price but because I I feel like we'll
probably open somewhere below that that
means whatever the opening price let's
say let's play devil's advocate for a
moment and let's say the next tick is um
the opening price and it's 408 okay so
408 even so I would annotate my chart at
408 even
20,480 and that would be lower than that
level up here so that would be labeled
as Monday's opening range Gap low now
because it's opened lower what is the
bias what's the bias for the next 30
minutes or the first 30 minutes at 9:30
10:00 it would be bullish expecting a
minimum of half of that gap's range to
be traded to because there's a 70%
likelihood of half the app being traded
to during the first 30 minutes of
trading 9:30 to 10:00 eastern time
so if it were to do that okay and again
this this is hypothetical because I'm
not going to be here for 9:30 okay but
I'm just giving you how I look at the
pre-market session and then how I would
use that also in relationship to session
highs and session lows as we have here
we have London sessions highs that's my
interest I'm not interested in just
simply going back to the London lows
that that we've already worked those
here so if we can get back through the
lemon low what levels would be impactful
well obviously we have short-term minor
buy side liquidity there so you can
annotate that with a very thin level
that doesn't draw too much attention but
still annotates it for the purposes of
your tape
reading um we can do something like
this and
then minor buy
side liquidity
top left and we'll do it
that okay and that's a
two okay so it's ghosted there you can
still see it but it's not jumping off
the chart saying hey look at me so your
your eye isn't looking at that and
thinking well this is all there is to
this mood these levels are
bold because I want my students looking
at this chart to see that as a much more
impact level to draw to not to Simply
let me come up here and knock out the
stops on anyone that's short here this
is where the majority of the liquidity
is if anyone's short up
here this is where their stops Trail to
now ad admittedly there's some that has
trailed it here and probably all down to
here and they've been stopped out so
they're no longer a factor in in the
equation anyway but using that 408 level
hypothetically say that was
20,480 say that was at 930 and that Gap
would be
solidified as a discount Gap meaning
that we opened lower than previous
regular trading hours sellling price
which is this level up here I've
annotated already for Monday's opening
range Gap
high that means for the next 30 minutes
from 9:30 to 10 o'cl my bias would be
bullish it at the very minimum until
until 50% of that opening range Gap is
traded to so hypothetically okay and
this is not to be used for today okay
I'm just saying I'm teaching you how to
to do this stuff every single day going
forward okay so hypothetically let's say
that is the other side of the range or
what would be quote unquote the 9:30
opening
price that means that this would be your
first tick price at 9:30 and then you
reference where you previously settled
on Friday because it's Monday so you
would drop your FIB on that level
here and up
to 494 and A4 and you drop it so there's
50% of the opening range if it was using
4 it ain't using 408 because it's not
even 9:30 yet so be aware that what I'm
suggesting to you here is this a
hypothetical approach to how I do it
anyway so notice that we have half the
Gap here and if it was sitting here like
this would I be content with simply
trying to be long up into that level
there knowing that there is London
session highs right here that are smooth
so what would what would be the most
likely scenario for ICT to be trading in
that situation I would be long looking
for a partial here but more specifically
aiming for a draw in above here because
if it's going to go here and it's in
close proximity those relative equal
highs it's not likely to leave that
there because we have a whole lot more
or half the other portion of that Gap
still to be trade to it could go a full
Gap closure or 3/4 Gap closure so by
blending session highs and concession
lows in also incorporating the opening
range Gap when when the Gap is allowing
that that that measure of
uh importance in this case
hypothetically using that 48. level if
it were the opening price if it could be
simply any price I mean I'm saying if it
say we open up
here okay and that would mean that we
have mid Gap would be essentially about
there which ALS o agrees with clearing
out the London session highs by side so
it's building what several things not
just one thing several
things to lean on in terms of a draw on
liquidity and you're using finite
reference points not something that's
always morphing into something new
always trying to figure out a mystery in
price action the highest high and the
lowest low of London session is what it
is that's what it is okay it's not going
to change it can't hide it from you okay
and the opening range Gap if there is
one and generally there is one it just
depends how much of a gap there would
be if we're opening lower you know until
half that Gap is filled during the first
30 minutes I am looking for Longs I'm
not looking to go short I'm never ever
ever ever ever going in there on the
basis of simply just going I'm going to
go short because we open lower that's
the worst thing in the world to do
that's what retail minded Traders do
they want to chase they think wow we're
we're way way down from yesterday
because they look at the the
relationship between yesterday's close
to where we open today that's the
Public's perspective the professional
perspective is is where do we close from
today's
opening that's the challenge I put out
for the people that make indicators if
you plot a cumulative line on the
relationship between yesterday's close
and today's open and you plot that on a
cumulative basis you're going to see
what retail perspective is and if you
plot it on the basis of today's opening
price versus today's closing price
you're going to get the professional
mindset because that's actual
accumulation and distribution once the
market has booked when there's an
opening price opening price is always
always rough cut sentiment that means
it's meant to go out there and Inspire
or discourage traders that are less
informed because they're mostly
impulsive creatures so they see oh we
opened lower than yesterday's close or
last week's close so therefore they
think it's weak so therefore they want
to Chase it and they go short and then
what happens is the gap starts to close
in even if it's just a half a gap that's
enough to wipe them out many times
because the you retail Traders want to
over leverage just a quarter of the Gap
being traded to and being filled just a
quarter uh portion of it wouldn't stop
you out and cause you to have a losing
uh trade or losing day so it's really
important to measure several factors
relative to time that's what we're
focusing on here time and then what
price levels in those periods are we
concerned
with if we're looking at days that have
high impact or medium impact news
drivers then obviously what I'm showing
here still is applicable it's even more
likely to
deliver faster
runs what's missing is the volatility
injection because of the news not being
available to us we don't have a medium
impact we don't have a high impact news
driver we don't have like a a PMI a CPI
we don't have any kind of
uh we have really nothing to speak of
Monday and Tuesday of this calendar week
so I I'm I'm not suggesting that simply
because there's no data that there's no
reason to trade there is absolutely
reasons to trade but you have to have a
procedure or a protocol that you're
going to stick to to help you frame your
setups otherwise you're guessing
otherwise you're trying to do something
on the basis of just one Candlestick
pattern one order block one fair value
Gap you know just because it looks like
it's you know this High here or this low
here you know which one's it going to
hit is it going to take the minor bu
side here is it going to take the minor
cell side here because that's what
should be
framed Bas right now where we're trading
right now your focus should be are we
going to take the buy side here or are
we going to take the sell side
there that's the next
move nothing nothing else except for
staying inside that range between this
high and that low there's nothing else
you can
do there's nothing there's nothing else
to do either it stays in the range or it
runs for the buy side or it runs for the
sell side so your your question that
needs to be answered is do you know with
any degree of confidence which one of
those levels is going to be traded to
now as we get closer if it stays in that
range between this high and that low as
we get closer to 930 opening bell which
I won't be here with you okay I
literally I'm going to be gone here in
about six or seven minutes
you want to see it draw higher because
you why why would that be a factor
because the Gap
aspect because you you're you're already
lower than previous day settlement
Friday so again at 9:30 that starts that
countdown for the next 30 minutes
between 9:30 to 10 o'clock Eastern time
your bias is what
bullish until 50% of that Gap has closed
it doesn't mean it then becomes bearish
it just means that that 70% % of the
time that's what's usually
unfolding that's what's usually likely
to be seen in price Action Now does it
mean that if it doesn't go up there and
go to 50% of the opening range Gap
within the 30 minutes of 9:30 to 10 o'cl
then it ain't going to go there no I'm
still going to look for that I'm just
saying for
a immediate bias something to look for
in price action a some something to
study something to tap read something to
draw your focus to instead of just
looking at the charts and and not
knowing what you're looking at or what
you're looking for it gives you
immediate information intel if we Gap
lower okay look for it to go higher up
to half the Gap and that could be your
entire model and you never need to do
anything else you never need to come
back and watch any of my videos you
never need to worry about any of my live
streams anymore ever ever ever ever
that's my goal as a mentor I am not
trying to tether you to me every other
Mentor wants you to constantly watch
them they want you to buy their
they want you to buy their courses they
want you to do everything that keeps
feeding them and paying their bills I'm
looking to end your visibility oh not
Vis your viewership that's my goal I
want you to say you know what I learned
enough thank you ICT I never watch your
stuff anymore that's that's my goal
that's nobody else's goal in this
business they're wanting you to
continuously come back I'm trying to
bring you to a point of you're
independently thinking without me or
anyone else you're not buying any
courses you're not buying any other
mentorships You're simply just doing
your own thing making your money and
living your life and taking care of your
family that's my goal for you that's it
and if I wanted to make money off of you
I very easily could do that I'm not I'm
sitting here giving it to you for free
you watch it or you don't watch it so
obviously this is hypothetical example
but a second here clean that off so my
interest right now as we go into 9:30
okay or shortly after 9:30 because we
have the strong likelihood to it's going
to be a discount Gap that means we're
opening lower than Friday's regular
trading session
hours my interest is the L session highs
okay that that's what I'd like to see
and you're going to see whatever you see
at 9:30 at the opening bell I won't even
be able to see the chart so I I can't do
anything I'm going to be away from the
house and away from the ability to see
this stuff so I'm saying to you that I
think based on what we have right now if
we start to sell off initially say we
take out this l then I would look for it
to change directions and come back and
Target the London session high and that
would be what I'm aiming for for the
morning session if I were there at 9:30
and it started to sell off first if we
open initially at 9:30 and we're below
these relative equal highs and we're
below the London session low then I
would look for a modest little tiny
little Judas swing lower taking out
whatever one minute short-term load it
may form between where we're at right
now in
9:30 I would look for something like
that it doesn't need to do that but I'd
prefer to see that and then rally back
up and then attack here and that would
be building on the basis of drawing into
that discount gap
opening which half that Gap would be 70%
likelihood in my mind I wouldn't see
that half of that Gap filled half of the
Gap is whatever that 930 opening price
is we don't know it yet it's right now
907 so we have 23 minutes or so before
that
happens up to previous regular trading
session hour close on Friday so that
means that that's why I'm leaving at
Monday's opening range Gap high so long
story short now was a long way and walk
around the barn I'm looking for these
levels to be cleared out this morning
and that would be my that would be my
trade for for Caleb I would tell him
focus on that use any fair value Gap use
the first present the fair value Gap try
to frame a basis on that being your your
your model for the morning and if it
wins you be done with it if you lose you
don't do it again you sit still is that
hard is that ambiguous is that
wishy-washy no that's very very specific
things so but I I've showed you how to
build the context around the idea and
just simply looking for a short-term
High here for buy side that's not enough
where are the previous session highs and
lows and that's here okay and we framed
it like that I'll let you take a
screenshot that it so you can have it
for your notes Caleb hold on one second
there you
go all right that's going to be it for
this morning I apologize my personal
schedule like I'm I have a lot of things
I got to get done weather's changing and
uh the elections coming up so I just
want to make sure I have all this stuff
done and then I'll be content hang out
with you guys more next week you know as
we finish our 2024 mentorship have a
good day be safe and until talk to you
tomorrow Lord willing